Part 1: 

Manually test the booking system, based upon your own testing intuition

Exporatory session: Timebox - 30 mins

	Goals: 
		Identify and understand the systems core functionalities

	Scope:
		Core functionality
		Observable (obvious) NFR issues
	Out of scope:
		Deeper dives on NFRs
		Return customer journey


	Outcomes:
		Found a couple of bugs
		Some poor element handling in terms of validation or rules
		Poor UX
		Core journey is:
			Session length of 10 hours
			The addition of tickets 
			Prices reflecting number of tickets with any fees
			Ability to proceed to customer details
			Create a new customer
			Capture customer details
			Address lookup
			Promote protection insurance (business requirement)
			T's & C's
			Take payment
			Confirm booking.
			Ensuring price is maintained throughout.

	Notes:
		Check Core event information
			Date, Time, Vanue, Restrictions, Transaction Fees (ensure transaction fee is added to total price)
		Check dispatch information
		Check different rounds of ticket sales -> Increases in price
		Check different rounds also contain booking fees - ensure this is added to the total price (e.g. 39.50 + 3.95 = £44.45)
		Result: Displayed total price at this stage is £43.45 (does not seem to add transaction fee at this stage?)
		Check adding multiple tickets also adds multiple booking fees 
		Check adding tickets from different releases updates with the correct ticket price and booking fees
		Check unable to click on sold out tickets. 
		Note: Tabbing out causes basket to refresh with an updating modal (yes I tabbed out to use google as a calculator)?
		BUG: Either through a combination of tabbing our or allowing the session to get to a certian point
			Price is not displayed in with currency marker. 
			Price does not contain decimal places to denote £/p
		CAUSE - Session expiry - Think this was cause by my dodgy internet, but the session length behvaiour should be tested properly
		BUG: Clicking on the shopping basket to view contents instead of showing the tickets currently selected, shows the
			Booking expiration and the total price as £0.00. Total price in the main box remains the same. 
		CAUSE - It only adds the tickets to the cart after the customer has clicked continue. 
		Note: Navigation breadcrumbs only display the name of the stage when on that stage and otherwise display only numbers
		BUG: (big) Once you go through to customer details and enter an email, and select proceed to payment you're taken to the enter customer details page, the breadcrumb navigation for the 3rd page 'Payments' then becomes clickable allowing the customer to bypass entering details entirely.
		Check email address is carried over from previous page. 
		Note: Able to delete tickets but not reduce incrementally
		Check unable to proceed without entering mandatory information
		Check individual fields accept valid data 
		Perform input field tests around validation, boundaries, alt characters etc. 
		Note: Accepts domains that are disposable emails? - could be succeptable to DDOSing fairly easily
		Note: Weak password complexity rules
		Note: Phone number length validation of 8 only landline numbers without an area code (i.e. useless) would use this short a length
		Note: Able to type in any DOB beyond  2 / 2 / 4 characters although it does validate this if you try to progress
		Check unable to proceed without selecting a refund protection option 
		Check refund protection selected updates the price
		Check differing payment methods, clicking each one changes the input fields
		Note: Takes a while to be taken to the confirmation page - load times
		Check you're taken to the confirmation page
		Note: Total price was £86.90 (£79 + £7.90) Paid today was £90.88 - This is for the refund protection (£3.98) but isn't made clear and might confuse customers

		After buying tickets it recognises the email address - will need to factor this in to the automation

		Check session expiry behaviour
		Kicked back out to ticket page (assuming built for interviews and not where it would boot you out to IRL?)
		Currency gone - Decimal gone able to add tickets but clicking continue causes an endless processing issue
